
For the special, which airs on PBS stations Nov. 17, it was important to nod to our history with just the right amount of nostalgia, but recognize that we're a current show with something modern and dynamic, says executive producer Ben Lehmann. The '50th' special is the perfect encapsulation of that. Boy, I remember how Yucky Mama used to love to come here to stare at all the busted junk in the window, Oscar bemoans.

Now look at it: People come here to make dirty clothes clean! As the characters scurry from location to location, puppeteers glide below them on small rolling platforms just out of camera's view: hoisting the puppets high above their heads, and trying not to bump into each other as they excitedly speak in the Muppets' high-pitched voices. As the characters scurry from location to location, puppeteers glide below them on small rolling platforms just out of camera's view: hoisting the puppets high above their heads, and trying not to bump into each other as they excitedly speak in the Muppets' high-pitched voices.

We have to make that puppet look and feel real to the audience, whether they are adults or children. And that means that we are actors from the elbow up. We have to make that puppet look and feel real to the audience, whether they are adults or children.

At that time, when you saw a Latin person on television, you always waited for the taco joke, Manzano says. But not on 'Sesame Street': We were worried about child care and education, just like any other American family. We embody these little pieces of foam and felt with real human characteristics.

But not on 'Sesame Street': We were worried about child care and education, just like any other American family.

Tesla CEO Elon Musk said Wednesday that the company will unveil its all-electric “cyber truck” Nov. 21 in Los Angeles near the serial entrepreneur’s other company SpaceX. The date just so happens to coincide with the LA Auto Show. However, this is a Tesla event and not associated with the auto show in downtown Los Angeles. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 6, 2019 Instead, it appears Musk is tying the reveal to the same date that’s listed in the opening title for Blade Runner.

Hmmm … perhaps Musk wants us to walk away mumbling to ourselves, “I’ve seen things you people wouldn’t believe.” Musk has talked about producing an all-electric pickup truck for years now. In December, Musk resurrected the idea saying that Tesla might have a prototype to unveil in 2019. In December, Musk resurrected the idea saying that Tesla might have a prototype to unveil in 2019.

At the time, Musk tweeted that a pickup truck would be unveiled in 18 to 24 months. Musk had hoped to unveil the truck this summer, but it was pushed back to fall. At the time, Musk tweeted that a pickup truck would be unveiled in 18 to 24 months.

In an earnings call in January, Musk said it will be “unique.” Last month, Musk said the cybertruck doesn’t look like anything he’s seen on the Internet, a reference to the numerous speculative renderings out there. Cybertruck doesn't look like anything I've seen bouncing around the Internet. Little is known about what this cyber truck will look like, although there has been plenty of speculation.

Cybertruck doesn't look like anything I've seen bouncing around the Internet.

The 2018 midterm elections saw voters elect a record number of women to the House of Representatives, with a number of individual candidates achieving historic firsts with their victories. These victories come after a summer in which President Donald Trump repeatedly attacked women of color serving in Congress, including those who won historic victories last year. Trump's rhetoric toward Muslims and on racial issues has long been controversial and even ventured into outright racism.